README.md, before:

cli_file_util
=============

Simple utils for cleaning, archiving, comparing files

A selection of handy CLI file handling utilities.

- addate [file], addtime [file] is a comfortable way of adding date or
  date+time to a filename. As the purpose is most often archiving, write
  permission is also withdrawn from the file.

- savewdate [file], savewtime [file] is very similar except it does not modify
  the original filename (nor the permissions), rather makes a copy for
  archiving.

- cleanfn cleans up the most commonly messy filenames in the current directory.

- compdiff [dir] requires a directory as input, and compares files in that
  directory and the current directory with the same filename. Those that are
  different are moved into a "kul" subdirectory and then opened in vimdiff.

- cpcl [file] and mvcl [file] copy and move, respectively, a file to the
  current directory and also copy their new full path into the clipboard. If
  [file] is already in the current directory then only the full path is copied
  into the clipboard. Very handy when you need to make a notice of a file.

- deloldfiles [no] deletes all files older than [no] days. If no [no] is given
  then default is 60 days. HANDLE WITH CARE!

- linkffile [dir] [file] reads [file] until the first space of each line, and
  recursively links files from [dir] with matching filenames to the current
  dir. Asks questions if ambiguous.

- mkrnddir [no] creates a directory with the date and a random string of length
  [no] in its name. If [no] is not given then it defaults to 5. 0 is also
  accepted for [no]. Use as ". mkrnddir" to also change to the new directory.

- nomatch4 [dir] checks if local files are there in [dir] recursively. Those
  with no match are listed. Filenames don't matter as cmp is used.

I'm no programmer, so please don't blame me on the quality of the code. :-)
Licensed under GNU GPLv3.

Commit message:

addate at al now defaults to last modification time.

README.md, after:

cli_file_util
=============

Simple utils for cleaning, archiving, comparing files

A selection of handy CLI file handling utilities.

- addate [file], addtime [file] is a comfortable way of adding date or
  date+time to a filename. Default is the last modification time of the file
  but with a press of a button the current time can also be set. As the purpose
  is most often archiving, write permission is also withdrawn from the file.

- savewdate [file], savewtime [file] is very similar except it does not modify
  the original filename (nor the permissions), rather makes a copy for
  archiving.

- cleanfn cleans up the most commonly messy filenames in the current directory.

- compdiff [dir] requires a directory as input, and compares files in that
  directory and the current directory with the same filename. Those that are
  different are moved into a "kul" subdirectory and then opened in vimdiff.

- cpcl [file] and mvcl [file] copy and move, respectively, a file to the
  current directory and also copy their new full path into the clipboard. If
  [file] is already in the current directory then only the full path is copied
  into the clipboard. Very handy when you need to make a notice of a file.

- deloldfiles [no] deletes all files older than [no] days. If no [no] is given
  then default is 60 days. HANDLE WITH CARE!

- linkffile [dir] [file] reads [file] until the first space of each line, and
  recursively links files from [dir] with matching filenames to the current
  dir. Asks questions if ambiguous.

- mkrnddir [no] creates a directory with the date and a random string of length
  [no] in its name. If [no] is not given then it defaults to 5. 0 is also
  accepted for [no]. Use as ". mkrnddir" to also change to the new directory.

- nomatch4 [dir] checks if local files are there in [dir] recursively. Those
  with no match are listed. Filenames don't matter as cmp is used.

I'm no programmer, so please don't blame me on the quality of the code. :-)
Licensed under GNU GPLv3.
